this is our award and you watched
Dante's boxing nation every time you
could tell you what relation of Dante
Dante Dante
Fox you mate Dante's boxing and you're
watching that's in boxing nation this is
found say Williams if you're watching
Dante's box a nation
Mo Money mo problems
Dante's boxer nation was going on guys
so Chantal Jackson aka Miss Jackson
Floyd Mayweather's ex-girlfriend is now
suing Floyd Mayweather and she is
accusing him of everything in the book
she's accusing Mayweather of damages for
eleven reasons including assault battery
invasion of privacy defamation false
imprisonment harassment infliction of
emotional distress and more in Chantal
statements she talked about how much he
truly loved Floyd Mayweather she thought
they will be together forever they were
gonna get married but then she starts
talking about how she was embarrassed
and humiliated matter of fact I read a
little bit of what she said quote I try
my best to make our relationship work by
compromising and going a relationship
counselling but I finally realized that
there was no hope and our relationship
could not continue I have been
embarrassed and humiliated more than I
can ever imagine by Floyd whom I once
called my best friend and fiance I have
tried everything that I could do and I
have given Floyd Mayweather every
opportunity to do the right thing
unfortunately he has refused every
opportunity to make things right it is
with a heavy heart that I finally
realized that the only way to set the
record straight and to achieve justice
for what he has done to me is through
the filing of this lawsuit in kuo and
you decided to file this lawsuit a week
before Floyd Mayweather's fight a day
after Floyd Mayweather's media workout
and media conference and this is the
time that shantel Jackson decides to let
the whole world know that she's been
dealing with false imprisonment
assault battery so it wasn't a good time
to say this when it actually took place
allegedly when it took place when it
occurred no you're gonna wait years
later right before Freud me well that's
about to have his fight so that you can
let everyone notice and she doesn't just
file a lawsuit like a normal person does
right I mean she's almost awesome female
Mayweather type stuff where she has to
have a press conference just to file her
lawsuit against Floyd Mayweather Wow
that's pretty deep that's pretty deep
why now is one of the questions why a
press conference is another question
that we need to be asking I mean this
just came so out of the blue this was so
left field with the timing and
everything it just doesn't make sense I
mean it's almost I'm looking at the
article as if it's a hoax it just
doesn't make sense and then when you
consider the fact that she's not even
pressing charges to try to have Floyd
Mayweather arrested she's just suing him
now to some people that could be
interpreted as blackmailing someone
right I mean you can almost look at it
that way it doesn't make sense it does
not make sense and when I'm looking at
all of these charges when I see charges
like infliction of emotional distress
defamation this is just my personal
opinion but when I hear accusations like
that it sounds to me like this is the
main thing or the main reason why
Chantelle is suing Floyd Mayweather
this is far more personal
is what it suggests to me that's just my
own personal opinion okay it seems like
this is very very personal it almost
sounds like she got pissed off that you
know maybe Floyd Mayweather says some
things maybe they were going back and
forth on Twitter or you know the whole
situation with Floyd and and Nellie and
this big you know messy ass circle
throughout all of that
Chantelle she got pissed off she got
upset and she said what can I do about
this oh maybe I could sue him for
defamation for emotional distress oh
well you know we're gonna sue him for
that why don't we add in some extra
stuff to really animate the whole
situation right I mean that's a
possibility as all I'm saying we'll
figure out you know what's what in the
future but that's my read on the
situation that's how I see it
it does not make sense I mean you
telling me that Floyd Mayweather had
enslaved you and while he had you as his
personal slave he was just beating your
ass and you come out years months later
now are you crying about it oh I don't
want him to go to jail I just want him
to pay for what he did
financially oh yeah that makes a whole
lot of sense that makes a whole lot of
sense some don't sound right about this
whole situation something doesn't sound
right about this whole situation and I
know lawyer but one wonders can Floyd
Mayweather in return sue her can he sue
her for defamation of character
slander and so on and so forth it makes
you wonder so I'll guess we'll see what
happens guys that's all I got
I'm on to the Nashville